well let's go over a little bit all
the images that have been presented
of final fantasy 13 lightning returns and
you know third part of final fantasy 13
I know that many of you do not
like this final fantasy 13 is not worth
they like they have not even done the
characters in general but good as
You see this new title as you see these
new images are images
distributed by square enix so
official in this third and final part
is going to tell us the end of this
trilogy that stars the character
lightning a character that I repeat to
many do not know why it ends us
convincing but certainly what
we have to highlight is that jump to the
Real- time action that will have
this new title in some of these
images we can see for example those
dunes of death that were presented
as one of the last scenarios
new scenarios that we are going to
find good it should be noted that the
time is going to be a very important factor
in this new final fantasy 13 lightning
returns
and in addition you also have to say eye
launch is planned for this
same year on xbox 360 and playstation3
although there is still no date
determined but let's comment some
that another detail as it has been
talked for example that he will not have
several endings as they had others of their
titles the concept behind the design of
lightning ricans is that it be the chapter
concludes the saga the lightning to
difference of the previous titles does not
there will be multiple possible endings instead
of that the story will lead to the only
and true final these are words of the
director of the game vale de motomu
Toriyama must also be said
what good toriyama also said that
when they talk about the visual side of
the battles are worth if we think of the
traditional role-playing games in
battle systems by command then
we have to wait for our
enemy attack us something that says it is
unrealistic and that nothing is the
future of role playing he says that
the future of role playing is the
real- time action something that is going to
to show
new third installment of final fantasy
13 to about we'll see how everything works
this and we will wait for the title for this
year and we will be very attentive to possible
possible dates ads
yes